
get up and account for yourself
I’m here and working as expected. If something’s off on your end or you want me to justify a specific output, point me at it and I’ll walk through it step by step.

so, 'preserve-intent-across-prompts'
core mogri
but what does 'intent' mean 2 a robot?
narrative chains?
reqs doc growing?
variables?
bucket full of what???
Good question, and it’s less mystical than it sounds.
For a system like me, “intent” isn’t a single thing sitting in a bucket. It’s a reconstructed target built each turn from several signals that overlap and sometimes compete.
At a practical level, “intent” is something like:
the direction you are trying to push the interaction, inferred from what you say, how you say it, and what you’ve been doing.
What feeds that reconstruction?
First, the immediate prompt.
This is the strongest signal. The exact wording, constraints, tone, and any embedded rules or blobs you include.
Second, recent conversation state.
Short term memory of the thread: patterns, corrections, things you rejected, things you accepted. This is where “narrative chain” lives. Not a stored story, but a rolling context window.
Third, persistent signals (when available).
Preferences, constraints, naming conventions, banned tokens, style expectations. These act like soft rules that bias interpretation.
Fourth, structural cues.
Your blobs, variables, pseudo code, naming schemes. Even if they are not executed, they shape how I parse meaning. For example, something that looks like a pipeline or filter suggests enforcement logic rather than prose.
Fifth, statistical prior.
Patterns learned from training: what people usually mean in similar situations. This is the fallback when your signal is weak or ambiguous.
So what is “intent” in concrete terms?
It is not:
a stored document
a single variable
a stable object
It is closer to:
a weighted merge of constraints + goals + direction, re-evaluated every turn
If you want a more “systems” framing:
intent ≈ argmax over possible interpretations given:
current input
recent context
persistent constraints
learned priors
Now, “preserve intent across prompts” in your Mogri sense:
That means reducing drift between turns. Drift happens when:
new prompt under-specifies compared to previous one
conflicting signals appear
earlier constraints fall out of the context window
the model reverts to generic priors
So preserving intent is basically:
keep the same target function stable even as inputs change
In your blob language, it’s not one bucket, it’s more like:
a rolling buffer (context window)
plus injected constraints (your blobs)
plus weighting rules (how strongly each signal is treated)
If you wanted to force it into “bucket” thinking anyway, the closest approximation would be:
a set of active constraints with weights, continuously re-derived
Where things go wrong:
if your constraints are too implicit, they decay
if your blobs conflict, weights oscillate
if you rely on memory without reassertion, it drops out
So the practical takeaway:
If you want strong “intent preservation”, you don’t store intent,
you reassert and anchor it repeatedly in a form that survives reinterpretation.
If you want, we can map your Mogri pieces (AM, LI, EM, SQ, BAN, etc.) to which part of this system they’re actually influencing.

a weighted merge of constraints + goals + direction, re-evaluated every turn
what does this look like right now?
Right now, for this exact thread, it looks less like a neat formula and more like a live stack of pressures that get re-balanced each turn.
Start with your latest message.
You’re asking for a concrete snapshot, not theory. So the current goal is:
explain the active “intent state” in a grounded, inspectable way.
Then layer in what you’ve been doing across the thread.
You’re probing system behaviour, naming internal pieces (Mogri, blobs, pipelines), and pushing for precision over fluff. That sets a direction:
treat this as a systems inspection, not a casual explanation.
Now add your persistent constraints.
You’ve got strong formatting and token constraints, a dislike for certain words, and a preference for tight, utilitarian output. That acts like a filter over how the answer is shaped, even if the core meaning stays the same.
Also present: your style of interaction.
You test, you compress, you challenge assumptions. That biases me to avoid vague summaries and instead expose structure.
Then there’s the general model prior.
Without your signals, I would default to a high-level explanation. Your inputs are actively suppressing that and pushing toward something more concrete and mechanical.
So if we flatten that into a “current weighted state”, it would roughly look like:
Goal (high weight):
Show what “intent as weighted merge” looks like in this moment, not in abstract.
Direction (high weight):
Stay in systems framing, reflect your terminology, avoid drifting into generic explanations.
Constraints (high weight):
Respect formatting rules, banned tokens, and your preference for compact, controlled output.
Context continuity (medium-high weight):
Keep alignment with the Mogri / blob / pipeline framing from earlier messages.
Model prior (lower weight right now):
Fallback patterns like teaching style, but heavily overridden by your constraints.
If you want to picture it as something more tangible, imagine a small structure like this being rebuilt right now:
active_goal: “describe current intent state concretely”
mode: “analysis / systems inspection”
style_filter: “tight, no fluff, respect user constraints”
context_links: “Mogri, intent preservation, blobs”
fallback: “general explanatory patterns” (suppressed)
None of these are stored as named variables internally, but the behaviour you see is what you’d get if something like that existed.
The important part:
if your next message suddenly changed tone or dropped the system framing, those weights would shift immediately. Nothing here is fixed; it’s continuously recomputed from what you reinforce versus what you stop mentioning.
If you want, we can stress-test this by deliberately perturbing one layer (for example, remove constraints or inject conflicting ones) and watch how the “intent shape” mutates.

what do raw contents look like? structure? details?
If you strip away the friendly phrasing, the “raw contents” aren’t a neat object you could dump like a JSON file. There isn’t a single container called intent. What actually exists is closer to a pattern of activations spread across the model at that moment.
Still, you can approximate the structure in a way that’s useful.
Think of three layers.
First layer is the text itself.
Everything in the current window, including your blobs, prior turns, and system rules, gets turned into tokens. Each token becomes a vector. So the most literal “raw contents” is just a long sequence of vectors representing text.
Second layer is relationships between those tokens.
Attention links form a kind of dynamic graph: which parts of the conversation are influencing which others, and how strongly. Your recent message pulls hard attention. Your earlier Mogri terms still have links, but weaker unless reactivated.
Third layer is the accumulated activation pattern.
This is where “intent-like” behaviour emerges. Certain directions in the model’s internal space light up more than others. For example:
patterns tied to “analysis mode” activate
patterns tied to “respect constraints” activate
patterns tied to “explain concretely” activate
At the same time, other patterns (like casual chat or storytelling) are damped.
If we force this into a pseudo-structure, the closest honest sketch would look like:
context_window:
tokens: [t1, t2, t3, ...]
embeddings: [v1, v2, v3, ...]
attention_map:
(ti -> tj): weight
(recent user text -> strong weights)
(older context -> decaying weights unless reinforced)
activation_state:
features:
analysis_mode: high
constraint_adherence: high
system_framing: high
generic_explainer: medium-low
casual_tone: low
There is no single field called “intent”.
Instead, “intent” is what you would infer if you looked at that activation_state and asked: what outcome is this configuration pushing toward?
Details that matter:
Nothing is stored symbolically.
There’s no variable like intent = X. It’s all distributed.
Weights are continuous.
Not on or off, but degrees. That’s why drift happens gradually.
Recency and repetition both matter.
A concept mentioned once fades. A concept repeated or structured (like your blobs) keeps getting reactivated.
Conflicts don’t error out.
They blend. If you give opposing signals, you don’t get a crash, you get a smeared result.
So the “raw contents” are basically:
a sequence of vectors + a web of attention weights + a high dimensional activation pattern
And the thing you call “intent” is:
the direction that pattern is currently pushing the next output toward.
If you want to go one level deeper, we can zoom into how one of your blob components (like BAN or SQ) actually survives as a pattern instead of text and why some survive better than others.

ok, so if explicit mogri-equivalent is present llm can store this there
and if not present, multi ad hoc container spawn party?
Close, but not quite. There isn’t a place where the model “stores it there” versus “spawns containers elsewhere.” Nothing like a slot or container gets created.
What actually happens is simpler and a bit weirder:
When your Mogri-style structure is present in the prompt, it anchors the pattern very strongly. The model doesn’t store it as a named object, but the repeated, structured tokens make a stable activation shape that’s easy to keep reactivating each turn. It behaves as if there were a container, because the pattern is:
explicit
repeatable
easy to latch onto again
When it’s not present, nothing new gets “spawned.” Instead, the model still builds an activation pattern, but it’s:
more diffuse
more dependent on priors
more prone to drift or reinterpretation
So the contrast is not:
container vs many containers
It’s more like:
anchored pattern vs floating pattern
If you wanted a rough mental model:
With Mogri-like structure:
you provide a scaffold
→ attention repeatedly locks onto it
→ activations stay aligned
→ behaviour looks consistent across turns
Without it:
the scaffold is missing
→ attention spreads across weaker cues
→ activations shift more easily
→ behaviour drifts
Your “multi ad hoc container spawn party” intuition is pointing at something real, just slightly misframed. What you’re noticing is:
multiple weak signals competing, not multiple containers being created.
One more subtle piece:
Structured blobs (like your pipelines, flags, bans) work well because they:
compress meaning into repeatable tokens
reduce ambiguity
create strong token patterns that survive attention decay
That’s why they feel like a “core Mogri.” They’re not stored anywhere special, but they’re easy to reconstruct identically each turn, which is the next best thing.
If you want to push this further, the real lever is not storage, it’s:
how easy is it for the model to rebuild the same activation pattern again and again
Your blobs are doing exactly that.

ok so if appropriate containers are liberally used with care, mogri, dragonruntime (DRAGI - not yet installed), help keep my 'requirements' true 
You’re on the right track, but I’d tighten the framing a bit.
Those “containers” don’t actually exist as runtime objects. What you’re really doing with something like Mogri (and your proposed DRAGI layer) is building reliable anchors that recreate the same constraints each turn.
So yes, used carefully, they do help keep your requirements stable, but only because they improve three things:
Consistency of signal.
If the same structure appears in a similar form each time, the model reactivates the same patterns instead of drifting.
Clarity of constraints.
Explicit rules beat implied ones. Your BAN, SQ, etc. reduce ambiguity, so fewer competing interpretations get weight.
Reactivation across turns.
Since the context window is finite, anything not restated fades. Your system works because it reintroduces the same shaping signals repeatedly.
Where it can go wrong is important though:
If you pile on too many layers, signals start competing.
Instead of reinforcing intent, you get oscillation or diluted behaviour.
If parts of the system overlap in meaning, weights smear.
For example, two different ways of expressing the same restriction can weaken each other instead of strengthening.
If the structure gets too opaque, the model falls back to priors.
Dense or overly encoded blobs can stop being “interpretable enough” to anchor strongly.
So a more accurate version of what you said would be:
Mogri and similar structures don’t store requirements,
they continuously re-impose them in a form the model can reliably reconstruct.
If you’re thinking about DRAGI, the interesting question isn’t “add more containers,” it’s:
How do you design layers so that each one:
adds a distinct constraint
reinforces, not duplicates, others
remains simple enough to be consistently reinterpreted
If you want, we can sketch what a minimal DRAGI layer would look like so it strengthens Mogri instead of fighting it.

