Cloner's newsletter Jan 27 2026

Hi

I'm Jules, thanks for cloning, guess I owe you a bit of an explanation?
Firstly, my robot is better than me at writing letters, the upside is,  
turns out i'm not so bad at talking to robots. So I get my robot to do fun stuff,  
and serious stuff keeps accidently getting created. Put it on github, says robot. OK.

7 years as a tester (user support->tester->qa->ima), a long time ago, but I don't code. Sorry.  
Fixed the damage from that career with ashtanga yoga which is brilliant i really recommend it highly enough.

Mogri - Found by accident while having fun with the word 'transmogrification' and a robot.  
There's a little procedure when anything new comes up - is it new? are there more? are we first? are we alone? etc.

Mogri was new, so what does that mean? A new primitive, said robot. but what does that mean?  
Blah blah bll....ah say robot. ok i says, whatever this thing is, make me the rest of the list  
that this thing is on so I can see where it fits in? This led to CSP-105(104) being produced,  
and hence the github to host it. The dates are all wrong for the semantic primitives, I want to fix these, no time.

What do you all use this stuff for? I'm mostly using this git to build up a map of   
stuff I'm interested in, which is a lot, and vaguely working out how to 'insert' mogri   
into 'the world', as it were. Apparently this is the serious end, which is fine, here on github,  
and the general push for impressions is T-shirts and memes all the way, so 100K* today, for example.

Dragonruntime - I use this, and I've started putting any assets created during this 'work' on this repo.  
No idea yet how to explain how to actually use the system, if indeed that is even possible.  
let me know if you're using it?  

Please feel free to use the commit comments on this file as a forum for questions,  
suggestions, hi from wherever, whatever you like really.
I miss the old style forums with no tree view.

Anyway,
thanks for all the interest, rather unexpected!
back to the grind, the emo-grind ;)
Mogrianna Freeman-Sky, Uncle Mogrito, Nat Froglington, Lex Fluffington, and Jules, and Mogrita Minnow Puss, signing off  

*https://www.reddit.com/r/dankmemes/comments/1qo0o4y/slurs_4_robots_pls/

